0: Two men are hiking up a mountain. One of them is carrying a backpack. The other is carrying a rifle.
1: A man is laying on a casket. He is surrounded by people.
2: A bird is sitting in a cage. There are two birds in the cage. The birds are sitting on the branch of the tree.
3: A man is looking at a box. He is wearing a suit and tie.
4: A man is in a wheelchair. He is being helped by two nurses. The nurses are dressed in traditional clothing.
5: A man is looking at a painting. He is wearing a top hat and a top coat.
6: Two dogs are standing next to each other. The dogs are wearing triangular collars.
7: A man is getting on a subway train. He is wearing a suit and tie. The train is moving.
8: Two hikers are walking through the woods. They are carrying backpacks and a tent.
9: A man is sitting at a desk in a building. He is looking out the window.
10: A man is standing under an umbrella. He is talking to a woman.
11: A man is in a hotel room. He is looking at a suitcase. The suitcase has a note on it that says, "I'm sorry, I can't open this."
12: A man is in a hospital bed. He is wearing a pair of headphones.
13: A group of people are sitting around a table. One of the people is speaking to the group.
14: A man and woman are standing in front of a large sandwich. The sandwich is made of meat and cheese.
15: There are several birds flying around. They are all different sizes.
16: A man is sitting at a table with a sign that says 'bonds'. He is talking to a man in a suit.
17: A man is eating at a restaurant. He is holding a trumpet. The waitress is holding a tray.
18: A man is sitting at a bar. He is drinking a beer. A train is parked in the background.
19: A man is giving a toast. He is wearing a suit and tie. The toast is a piece of bread.
20: A priest is sitting in a chair. He is looking at a man in a hospital bed.
21: A woman is in an elevator with a bunch of people. She is looking at a sign that says, "Fire in the building."
22: A man is eating a pizza on a balcony. A bird is sitting on the man's shoulder.
23: A man is sitting in a chair. He is reading a newspaper. A woman is sitting in a chair next to him. The woman is wearing a suit and a scarf.
24: A couple is sitting on the grass. The man is holding a cigarette in his mouth. The woman is holding a glass of wine. The couple is sitting in the park.
25: The children are dressed in their best clothes. They are playing in the snow.
26: A man is in a courtroom. He is wearing a hoodie and glasses. He is talking to a man in a suit.
27: A man is sitting on a cake. He is holding a knife. The cake is a wedding cake.
28: Two men are skiing down a hill. One man is holding a shovel and the other is holding a rake.
29: Two bulls are standing in a field. One of the bulls is wearing a hat with a bunch of horns on it.
30: A dog is surrounded by sheep. The sheep are all looking at the dog.
31: Two people are hanging on a rope. They are being pulled by a third person.
32: A man is parachuting down from the sky. He is holding a parachute.
33: Two cavemen are digging a hole in the ground. One of them is holding a bone.
34: A man is eating a hot dog in front of a bull. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
35: A man is running with a surfboard. He is in a business suit.
36: A family is sitting on a couch. A man is reading a book. A little girl is sitting on the floor. A little boy is sitting on the couch.
37: Two men are riding bicycles. One man is on a mountain bike and the other is on a skateboard. The two men are talking about how they are going to get to heaven.
38: A man is walking down the street. He is holding a newspaper. A woman is walking down the street. A man is sitting in a chair in front of a cafe.
39: Two chefs are standing in a tunnel. The chefs are wearing aprons and are holding spoons.
40: A doctor is examining a patient. He is holding a scalpel.
41: A man is in bed with his wife. He is reading a book. A dog is sitting on the bed.
42: A police officer is talking to a man in a classroom. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
43: A man is looking at a turkey in a store. He is holding a knife.
44: A man is talking to another man. The man in the suit is shaking the other man's hand.
45: A boat is being pulled by a huge wave. The boat is being pulled by the wave and the people on the boat are being pulled by the wave.
46: A man is talking to a woman who is holding a tire. The man is holding a motorcycle.
47: A woman is sitting in a chair. She is looking at a car that is sitting on a table.
48: Two giant monsters are fighting over a city. The monsters are made of wood and metal.
49: A woman is sitting on a couch. A dog is sitting on the arm of the couch. A man is sitting on the other couch. A woman is sitting on the floor.
50: A man is playing a game of bingo. He is surrounded by people.
51: A baby is in a crib. He is holding a bottle of milk. The baby is looking at the camera.
52: A couple is sitting in a backyard. A huge wave is coming towards them.
53: Two angels are sitting on a cloud. The angels are talking to each other.
54: Two people are at a desk. One is holding a stack of papers and the other is holding a stack of folders. The two people are holding the papers and folders in their hands.
55: Two elderly people are watching television. One of them is holding a plant.
56: A man is standing in front of a pharmacy. He is holding a bottle of medicine.
57: A group of people are sitting on a ledge. They are all dressed in suits.
58: A man is sitting in a chair in a room. He is looking at a painting on the wall.
59: A man is watching a cat through a window. The man is sitting on a couch.
60: Three cavemen are talking to each other. One of them is holding a spear. The cavemen are all wearing animal skins.
61: Three men are standing in front of a building. One of them has a gas mask on. The other two are holding guns.
62: A mouse is sitting at a table. He is holding a menu.
63: A man is sitting on a bench with a dog. The man is holding a hose that is attached to a large machine.
64: An oil rig is in the middle of the ocean. There are people on the rig and a boat.
65: A man is standing on a pile of rubble. He is wearing a green suit and has a green beard. He is holding a sign that says, "I am the Green Man."
66: A hippopotamus is sitting on a couch. Two people are sitting on the couch.
67: A man is looking at a coffin. He is wearing a suit and tie.
68: Two men are talking to a dog. The dog is wearing a collar.
69: A group of people are sitting at a table. One of the people is holding a piece of paper. The other people are looking at the person holding the paper.
70: A group of people are sitting around a table. One of the people is holding a microphone.
71: A man is trapped in a small box. He is trying to escape.
72: Three men are sitting in a courtroom. One man is reading a newspaper. The other two men are looking at him.
73: A lobster is sitting at a desk. He is talking to a man who is sitting at a desk.
74: A man is sitting at a desk with a raven perched on his shoulder. The raven is saying, "I'm going to tell you something that you don't want to hear."
75: A man is holding a remote control. He is standing next to a man who is holding a television. The man holding the remote control is holding it in his hand.
76: A man is sitting at a desk. He is holding a small child. A man in a suit is standing behind him.
77: A woman is talking on the phone. She is wearing a chef's hat.
78: A man is standing on a ladder. He is holding a sign that says, "I'm a doctor."
79: A man is cooking a steak in a kitchen. He is talking to a woman who is standing next to him.
80: A man is sitting at his desk. He is on the phone with someone. The phone is on speaker.
81: Two firefighters are standing in front of a pole. One of them is holding a pole.
82: A man is sitting at a table with a woman. The woman is holding a box. The man is holding a hat.
83: A lawyer is at the desk. He is talking to a man in a suit. The lawyer is talking about the case.
84: A lion is sitting on the ground. He is looking at a pile of tools.
85: A lawyer is sitting at a desk. There is a pile of papers and a computer on the floor.
86: A girl is climbing a rock wall. She is holding a rope.
87: A man is fishing in a lake. He is holding a rod and reel.
88: A couple is looking at a bird on a tree. The bird is sitting on a branch.
89: A man is standing on a pile of rocks. He is looking at a woman who is standing on a pile of rocks.
90: A man is in a chair. He is being restrained by another man. The man in the chair is wearing a suit and tie.
91: Two men are playing chess on a chessboard. One of the men is wearing a cowboy hat. The other man is wearing a hat and a top hat.
92: Two pigeons are perched on a building. One of the pigeons is wearing a hat.
93: Two people are sitting on a nest. One of the people is holding a book. The other person is holding a cup of coffee.
94: A man is sitting in a cave. He is talking to a man in a wheel chair.
95: A man is sitting in a chair with a rocket strapped to his chest. He is talking to a man in a suit.
96: Two skeletons are fighting over a top hat. The skeletons are wearing suits and hats.
97: A man is sleeping in a hammock. He is surrounded by a group of people.
98: A man is sweeping the sidewalk. He is wearing a suit and tie.
99: There are people in a courtroom. They are all in bed.
100: A man and woman are in the middle of the forest. The man is eating a snake. The woman is holding a snake.
101: Two fish are swimming in the ocean. One of the fish is a skeleton. The other fish is a fish.
102: A man is fighting a dragon. The dragon is huge.
103: A man is in a hospital bed. He is being tended to by a woman.
104: A bear is giving a backpack to a couple of hikers. The bear is wearing a hat with a unicorn on it.
105: Two men are playing a game of chess. One of the men is looking at a chess board. The other man is looking at a chess set.
106: A man and woman are walking down the street. The man has a lobster in his hand.
107: A man is being carried by a woman. She is holding a briefcase.
108: A man is sitting on a couch with his wife and child. He is holding a baby. The baby is crying.
109: A man is digging a hole in the ground. He is holding a shovel. A car is parked in the background.
110: A doctor is holding a syringe. He is holding it up to the patient's face.
111: Three men are riding horses. One man is on a horse and the other two are on the other horses.
112: A man is in a room with a broken window. He is looking at a woman who is in a bed.
113: Two pigs are in a trough. One pig is holding a piggy bank. The other pig is holding a piggy bank.
114: A man is kneeling down in the desert. He is holding a briefcase.
115: Two men are standing in a box. One man is wearing a pair of black socks and the other man is wearing a pair of black shoes. The box is on a table.
116: A man is sitting at a desk with a hammer in his hand. He is holding it up to his head.
117: A man is sitting on a couch. He is looking at a giraffe.
118: A man is sitting in a chair. He is looking at a large wheel. The wheel is sitting on a table.
119: Three people are on an inflatable raft. One of the people is wearing a skeleton costume. The other two people are wearing suits.
120: A doctor is examining a patient in a hospital bed. The doctor is wearing a lab coat and a stethoscope.
121: A man is sitting at a table with a cup of coffee. A nurse is sitting at the other side of the table.
122: A mouse is in a laboratory. He is talking to a scientist.
123: A police officer is driving a car. He is talking to a man in the car. The man is holding a sign that says "I am a math teacher."
124: Two angels are sitting on a box. The angels are looking at the person.
125: A man is in his car and there are boxes flying around. He is worried about the boxes falling on him.
126: A man is in bed with a woman. He is holding a briefcase.
127: A man is sitting in a hammock. He is wearing a suit and tie.
128: A man is sitting on a bed. He is holding a fishing rod. A woman is sitting on the bed next to him.
129: A man is talking to another man. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
