0: Two people are on a mountain. A bigfoot is standing in the distance.
1: A man is standing in front of a casket. He is reading a letter from a woman. The woman is laying in a casket.
2: A bird is sitting in a cage. There are two babies in a nest.
3: A man is looking at a box in a room. A dog is sitting in the box.
4: A man is in a wheelchair. He is being helped by a nurse. A doctor is standing by the bed.
5: A man is looking at a box of items. He is holding a gun. A woman is looking at the box. A man is looking at the man holding the gun.
6: Two dogs are standing next to each other. One dog is wearing a hat. The other dog is wearing a hat.
7: A man is standing on the platform of a subway train. A woman is standing next to the door. The man is holding a suitcase.
8: Two hikers are walking through the woods. A train is parked in the distance.
9: A man is sitting on a desk in a high rise office building. He is looking out the window.
10: A man and woman are standing in the rain. The man is holding an umbrella. The woman is holding a briefcase.
11: A man is in a hotel room. He is looking at a suitcase. A woman is standing next to the suitcase.
12: A man is lying in a hospital bed. He is wearing headphones and is listening to a radio. A nurse is sitting next to him.
13: A group of people are sitting around a table. A man is speaking to them.
14: Two people are standing in front of a large sandwich. The sandwich is huge.
15: A group of birds is flying over a city. The birds are flying in formation.
16: A man is sitting at a table with a sign that says, "I have a business proposition for you." The man is talking to another man who is sitting at a desk.
17: A man is sitting at a table with a woman and a man. The man is holding a trumpet.
18: A man is sitting at a bar. A train is parked in front of the bar. The train is a steam engine.
19: A man is giving a toast to toast. He is wearing a suit and tie. A toast is sitting on a table. The toast is a piece of bread. The man is giving the toast a speech.
20: A priest is sitting in a chair in a room. A man is lying on a bed in the room. The priest is talking to the man.
21: A woman is in an elevator with a man. The man is holding a briefcase. The woman is looking at a fire in the elevator.
22: A man is standing on a balcony with a bird. The bird is looking at the man.
23: A man is sitting in a chair and reading a newspaper. A woman is sitting on a couch next to him.
24: A couple is sitting on the ground in a park. A man is holding a cigarette in his hand. A woman is sitting on a blanket. A cloud is floating in the sky.
25: A woman is skating with her children. She is dressed in a white dress and a white hat. The children are dressed in white dresses and white hats.
26: A man is in a courtroom. He is wearing a hoodie and glasses. A woman is in the courtroom. The man is talking to the judge.
27: A man is sitting on a cake. A woman is sitting on a chair. A man is sitting on a cake.
28: Two men are skiing down a mountain. One man is holding a shovel and the other is holding a rake.
29: Two cows are standing in a field. One of the cows has a bunch of people on its back. The other cow is standing next to the fence.
30: A dog is standing in front of a flock of sheep. The dog is looking at the sheep.
31: A group of people are hanging from a rope. A man is holding a heart shape.
32: A man is parachuting down from the sky. He is holding a parachute and a guitar. The parachute is attached to a plane.
33: Two men are digging in the desert. One man is holding a bone and the other is holding a shovel.
34: A man is sitting at a desk with a bull in the background. The man is eating a sandwich.
35: A man is sitting at a desk with a surfboard in his hand. A woman is sitting at a desk with a laptop. A man is sitting at a table with a surfboard in his hand.
36: A man and a woman are sitting on a couch. The man is reading a book. A little girl is sitting on the floor. A man and a woman are sitting on a couch. A little girl is
37: Two men are on a bike. One man is looking at the other man and saying, "I'm going to heaven." The other man is looking at the sky and saying, "I'm going to hell
38: A man is walking down the street. He is holding a newspaper. A woman is walking down the street. A man is sitting in a chair in front of a cafe. A woman is sitting in a chair
39: Two chefs are standing in a tunnel. The chefs are wearing aprons and hats.
40: A woman is in a hospital bed. She is being examined by a doctor. A nurse is standing by the bed. A man is standing in the hallway.
41: A man is in bed with his wife. He is reading a book. A dog is sitting on the bed.
42: A man is talking to a police officer. The man is wearing a police uniform. The police officer is wearing a suit and tie.
43: A man is looking at a turkey in a store. A woman is standing next to the turkey.
44: A man is talking to another man in a suit. The man in the suit is shaking his head.
45: A boat is being pulled by a giant wave. A man is on the boat. The boat is being pulled by a giant wave.
46: A man is talking to a woman on a motorcycle. The woman is holding a tire.
47: A woman is sitting in a chair and a self-driving car is parked in front of her. The woman is looking at the car.
48: Two giant monsters are fighting in the middle of a city. The monsters are both wearing suits.
49: A man and woman are sitting on a couch. A dog is sitting on the floor. The man is looking out the window.
50: A man is playing with a bull in a field. A woman is sitting on a swing. A man is sitting on a bench. A woman is sitting on a swing.
51: A baby is in a crib. The baby is holding a bottle. The baby is looking at a clock.
52: Two people are sitting in a backyard. A large wave is coming towards them.
53: Two angels are sitting on a cloud. One angel is talking to the other angel. The other angel is looking at the ground. The angels are talking about the future.
54: A man is at a desk with a woman and a man. The man is holding a stack of papers.
55: Two people are sitting on a couch. One is watching television and the other is sitting on a chair with a bunch of grass in her hair.
56: A man is standing in front of a pharmacy. He is holding a horse.
57: A group of people are sitting on a ledge. A man is sitting on a chair. Another man is sitting on a chair. A woman is sitting on a chair.
58: A man is sitting in a chair in a room with a television. A woman is sitting in another chair in the room. A man is sitting in a chair in the room.
59: A man is watching a cat through a window. The cat is looking at the man.
60: Three cavemen are talking to each other. One of them is holding a spear. The cavemen are standing in front of a cave.
61: Three men are talking in a room. One man is holding a gun. The other two men are holding knives.
62: A woman is sitting at a table with a mouse. The mouse is holding a piece of paper.
63: A man is walking down a street with a dog. A large, metal robot is parked in the street.
64: A man is standing on a tower. A ship is in the distance. A man is standing on a platform. A man is standing on a platform.
65: A man is standing on a building with smoke coming out of the top. He is holding a sign that says, "I am a man of the earth."
66: A man and woman are sitting on a couch. The man is holding a book and the woman is holding a cup of coffee. A hippopotamus is sitting on the couch.
67: A man is standing in front of a coffin. He is looking at a picture of a man in a casket. The coffin is open and the man is looking at the inside of the casket.
68: Two men are walking their dog. The dog is wearing a collar. The man is holding a leash.
69: A group of people are sitting around a table. One person is speaking. The others are listening.
70: A group of people are sitting around a table. A man is speaking to them.
71: A man is trapped in a small box. He is trying to escape.
72: A man is sitting in a chair in a courtroom. He is reading a newspaper. A woman is sitting next to him. A man is sitting in a chair in the courtroom. He is reading a newspaper.
73: A lobster is sitting at a desk. The lobster is holding a pen. The lobster is talking to a man.
74: A man is sitting at a desk with a bird perched on his shoulder. The bird is saying, "I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer."
75: A man is holding a remote control. He is standing in front of a television. Another man is standing in front of a computer. A third man is standing in front of a video game console.
76: A man is sitting at a desk with a computer. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a chair. The man on the chair is holding a baby.
77: A man is talking on the phone to a woman in a restaurant. The man is wearing a chef's hat.
78: A man is on a ladder. He is holding a sign that says, "I'm a doctor. I'm here to help you."
79: A man and a woman are in a kitchen. The man is using a microwave to cook a meal. The woman is standing next to the microwave.
80: A man is sitting at a desk. He is on the phone with someone. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
81: Two firefighters are standing next to a pole. A third firefighter is standing next to a fire hydrant.
82: A man is sitting at a table with a woman. The man is holding a box. The woman is holding a bottle of wine. The man is looking at the woman.
83: A man is sitting at a desk. He is talking to a woman who is sitting at a table. The man is looking at a book.
84: A lion is sitting on the ground. He is holding a piece of paper with a drawing of a lion. A man is sitting next to the lion.
85: A man is sitting at a desk in a room full of furniture. A pile of papers is on the floor.
86: A girl is climbing a rock wall. A man is holding a sign that says, "I'm not a climber."
87: A man is fishing in a boat. He is holding a fishing rod. A man in a suit is sitting in the boat. A woman is sitting in the boat.
88: A man is reading a book while a woman is holding a bird. The man is looking at a tree.
89: A man is standing on a pile of rocks. He is looking at a woman who is standing on a pile of rocks.
90: A man is in a chair. He is talking to another man. A third man is sitting on a chair.
91: Two men are playing chess on a horse. One man is wearing a cowboy hat and the other is wearing a hat with a feather.
92: Two pigeons are perched on a ledge. One is sitting on a window sill and the other is perched on a ledge.
93: Two people are sitting on a couch in a nest. The nest is made of twigs and leaves.
94: A man is sitting on a chair in front of a cave. A woman is sitting on a wheel chair in the cave.
95: A man is sitting in a chair with a rocket strapped to his back. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a couch.
96: Two men are standing in front of a skeleton. The skeleton is wearing a top hat and a bow tie. The men are holding hands.
97: Two people are in a hammock. The hammock is on a table. The hammock is surrounded by a curtain.
98: A man is sweeping the sidewalk. A woman is standing next to him.
99: A man is speaking in front of a large crowd. He is surrounded by people in chairs.
100: A man and woman are in a forest. The man is holding a snake in his hand. The woman is holding a piece of meat.
101: A fish is swimming in the ocean. There are other fish swimming around. A skeleton is floating in the water.
102: A man is fighting a dragon. The dragon is huge.
103: A man is in a hospital bed. He is talking to a woman who is holding a vase of flowers.
104: A man and a woman are hiking in the woods. The man is wearing a bear costume. The woman is wearing a backpack with a bear hat on it. The man is talking to the bear.
105: Two men are playing a game of chess. One man is on the table and the other is on the floor. The man on the table is holding a chess piece.
106: A man and woman are walking down the street. The man has a lobster in his hand.
107: A man is in an elevator. He is holding a briefcase. A woman is standing next to him.
108: A man is sitting on a couch with his wife and a baby. The man is holding a baby and the baby is holding a bunch of flowers.
109: A man is digging a hole in the ground. He is sitting on a rock. A car is parked in the distance.
110: A doctor is giving a syringe to a patient. The doctor is holding a syringe in his hand.
111: Three men are riding horses. One man is on a horse and the other two are on a wagon. The man on the horse is holding a gun.
112: A man is in a room with a broken window. He is looking at a woman who is in a room with a broken mirror.
113: Two pigs are in a box. One is eating a piggy bank. The other is eating a piggy bank.
114: A man is kneeling down in the desert. He is holding a briefcase. A man in a suit is standing behind him.
115: Two men are standing in a box. One man is wearing a pair of black socks and the other man is wearing a pair of black shoes. The box is on a table.
116: A man is sitting at a desk with a hammer in his hand. A woman is sitting at a desk next to him. The man is holding the hammer and the woman is holding a knife.
117: A man is sitting on a couch and a giraffe is sitting on the floor. The man is looking at the giraffe.
118: A man is sitting in a chair in a room. A woman is sitting on a couch in another room. A large wheel is sitting in the middle of the room.
119: Three people are floating in a boat. One of the people is wearing a skeleton costume. The other two people are wearing suits.
120: A man is in a hospital bed. He is looking at a computer screen. The screen shows a doctor in a lab coat.
121: A man is sitting at a table with a nurse. The man is pouring coffee into a cup. The nurse is pouring a cup of tea into a teapot.
122: A mouse is in a laboratory. A scientist is talking to the mouse.
123: A police officer is driving a car and a man is standing next to the car. The man is holding a sign that says, "I am a police officer. I am here to help you."
124: Two angels are sitting on a box. A third angel is hovering above them.
125: A man is in his car and there are boxes on the ground. He is looking at the boxes.
126: A man is in bed and he is talking to a woman. The man is holding a briefcase.
127: A man is lying on a hammock in a hotel room. He is wearing a suit and tie. A woman is sitting on a chair next to the hammock.
128: A man is sitting on a bed with a woman. The woman is holding a flag.
129: A man is talking to another man. A woman is talking to a woman. A man is talking to a woman.
