0: Two people are standing on a mountain. A bigfoot is walking up the mountain.
1: A man is standing in front of a coffin. He is holding a flower.
2: There are two birds in a cage. They are sitting on a branch.
3: A man is looking at a box. He is wearing a suit and tie.
4: A man is in a wheelchair. He is being helped by two nurses.
5: A man is looking at a painting. He is wearing a top hat and a top coat. The man is holding a cane.
6: Two dogs are standing next to each other. One of the dogs is wearing a hat.
7: A man is standing in the doorway of a subway car. He is holding a small suitcase.
8: Two hikers are walking in the woods. They are carrying backpacks and a tent.
9: A man is sitting on a chair on the roof of a building. He is looking at a computer screen.
10: A man and a woman are standing in the rain. The man is holding an umbrella.
11: A man is in a hotel room. He is looking at a suitcase. He is talking to a woman who is standing next to the suitcase.
12: A man is lying in a hospital bed. He is wearing a pair of headphones.
13: There are people sitting around a table. A man is speaking to them.
14: Two people are standing in front of a large sandwich.
15: There are several birds flying around in the sky. The birds are flying around in a circle.
16: A man is sitting at a table with a sign that says 'Beware of the Dog.' He is talking to a woman who is sitting at a desk.
17: A man is sitting at a table with a woman and a man. The man is holding a trumpet.
18: A man is sitting at a bar. He is drinking a beer. A train is coming down the tracks.
19: A man is giving a toast at a party. He is holding a piece of bread.
20: A priest is sitting in a chair in a room. He is looking at a man in a bed.
21: There are people in an elevator.  They are all burning.
22: A man is standing on a balcony with a bird. The bird is eating a pizza.
23: A man is sitting in a chair and a woman is sitting on the couch. The man is holding a newspaper.
24: A couple is sitting on the grass in the park.  The man is holding a cigarette and the woman is holding a glass of wine.  There is a cloud in the sky.
25: A group of children are playing in the snow.  A woman is standing in the middle of the group.
26: A man is in a courtroom. He is wearing a hoodie and glasses. The man is talking to a woman.
27: A man is sitting on a cake.  He is holding a knife and a fork..
28: Two men are skiing down a mountain. One is on the left side of the mountain and the other is on the right side of the mountain. They are both wearing skis and are holding poles.
29: Two bulls are standing in a field. One of the bulls is wearing a hat with a bunch of horns on it.
30: A dog is standing in front of a flock of sheep. The dog is a sheepdog.
31: There are two people hanging on a rope.  They are holding hands and are trying to pull each other up.
32: A man is parachuting down from the sky. He is holding a parachute and a flag.
33: Two cavemen are digging a hole in the ground. One of them is holding a bone.
34: A man is sitting at a desk with a bull.  The bull is eating a bowl of soup.
35: A man is sitting in a chair and a woman is sitting on the other side of the room. The man is holding a surfboard.
36: A family is sitting on a couch. The father is reading a book. The mother is sitting on the couch with her daughter. The daughter is playing with a stuffed animal.
37: Two men are on their bicycles. One man is looking at the other man.
38: There are people walking down the street.  There is a man in a suit and a woman in a suit.  There is a sign that says Cafe.  The man is reading a newspaper.  The
39: Two chefs are standing in a tunnel. One chef is holding a spatula and the other is holding a spatula.
40: A doctor is examining a patient in a hospital bed. The doctor is holding a scalpel.
41: A man is lying in bed. He is holding a small dog. The dog is sitting on the bed.
42: A police officer is talking to a man in a classroom. The man is wearing a mask and holding a gun.
43: A man is looking at a turkey in a store. He is holding a sign that says 'Hamburger'.
44: There is a man in a suit and tie. He is talking to another man in a suit and tie.
45: A boat is in the middle of a huge wave. There are people on the boat.
46: A man is standing on a motorcycle with a tire on the back. A woman is standing next to him.
47: A woman is sitting in a chair and looking at a car. She is holding a book.
48: There are two giant monsters in the city. The monsters are fighting each other.
49: A woman is sitting on a couch and a dog is sitting on the arm of the couch. The woman is looking out the window.
50: There is a man and a woman in a house. There is a bull in the yard.
51: A baby is in a crib. He is holding a bottle.
52: Two people are sitting in a backyard. One of them is looking at a huge wave.
53: Two angels are sitting on a cloud. One angel is talking to the other angel.
54: Two people are sitting at a desk. One of them is holding a stack of papers. The other person is holding a stack of papers.
55: Two elderly people are sitting in a chair watching television. One of the elderly people has a bunch of grass growing out of his head.
56: A man is standing in front of a pharmacy. He is holding a bottle of medicine.
57: There are a lot of people on a building. They are all sitting on the edge of the building.
58: A man is sitting in a chair in front of a large screen. He is looking at a picture of a man sitting in a chair.
59: A man is sitting on the couch and watching a cat through the window. The cat is sitting on the couch.
60: Three cavemen are standing in front of a cave.  One of them is holding a spear.  The cavemen are talking to each other.
61: Three men are standing in a field. One of them has a gas mask on. The other two are holding guns.
62: A mouse is sitting at a table with a menu.  The mouse is looking at the menu.
63: A man is walking his dog on a hillside. The dog is looking up at a large, black, metal contraption.
64: There is a man standing on a ladder in front of a tall oil rig. He is holding a bottle of whiskey.
65: A man is standing on a pile of rubble. He is wearing a green costume and holding a green bottle.
66: A hippo is sitting on a couch. Two people are sitting on the couch.
67: A man and woman are standing in front of a coffin. The man is looking at the coffin and the woman is looking at the man.
68: Two men are walking their dogs. One man is talking to the other man.
69: There are a lot of people sitting around a table. They are all wearing suits.
70: There are people sitting at a table in a room. A man is speaking to the group.
71: A man is trapped in a small box. He is trying to escape.
72: Three men are sitting in a courtroom. One man is holding a book. The other two men are looking at the book.
73: A lobster is sitting at a desk.  A man is sitting at the other desk.  The lobster is holding a pen.
74: A man is sitting at a desk with a bird on his shoulder. The bird is saying, "I'm a lawyer. You're a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. You're a lawyer. I'm
75: A man is standing in front of a television set. He is holding a remote control.
76: A man is sitting at a desk with a computer. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a chair..
77: A man is talking on the phone to a woman in a restaurant.  The woman is looking at the man.
78: There are people on the roof of a building. A man is on the roof of the building.
79: A man and a woman are in a kitchen. The man is holding a grill.
80: A man is sitting at a desk. He is on the phone.
81: Two firefighters are standing next to a pole. One of them is holding a pole.
82: A man is sitting at a table with a woman. He is holding a bottle of whiskey.
83: A judge is sitting at his desk. He is talking to a man who is sitting at a table.
84: A lion is sitting on the ground. He is surrounded by a bunch of tools.
85: A man is sitting at a desk in a courtroom. He is surrounded by papers and boxes.
86: A girl is climbing a rock wall. She is holding on to a rope.
87: Two men are fishing in a boat. One of the men is holding a fishing rod.
88: A man is sitting on a tree branch. He is looking at a bird that is perched on a branch.
89: A man is standing on a pile of rocks.  He is looking at a woman who is standing on a pile of rocks.  She is looking at a man who is standing on a pile of rocks.
90: Three men are sitting in a chair. One man is wearing a suit and tie. The other two men are wearing suits and ties.
91: Two men are playing chess on a chessboard. One of the men is wearing a hat and the other is wearing a cowboy hat.
92: Two pige are perched on a ledge. One of the pigeons is pecking at the other pigeon.
93: Two people are sitting on a nest. They are talking about how they are going to get out of the nest.
94: A man is sitting in a wheelchair. He is talking to a man in a green hat.
95: A man is sitting in a chair with a rocket strapped to his back.  He is talking to a man in a suit.
96: Two skeletons are fighting over a top hat. The skeletons are wearing suits and hats.
97: A man is sitting in a hammock. He is holding a sword.
98: A man is sweeping the sidewalk.  A man in a suit is standing behind him.
99: There are people in a courtroom.  There is a man in the middle of the room.  He is speaking to the people in the chairs.
100: A man and a woman are in the forest. The man is holding a piece of meat. The woman is holding a piece of fruit.
101: Two fish are swimming in the ocean. There is a skeleton of a fish in the water.
102: A man is fighting a dragon. He is wearing a kilt.
103: A man and a woman are in a hospital room. The man is holding a small box. The woman is holding a small vase.
104: A bear is standing in the woods. Two people are walking behind him.
105: Two men are sitting at a table. One man is holding a board game. The other man is looking at the board game.
106: A man and a woman are walking down the street. The man has a lobster in his hand.
107: A man is standing in an open door. He is holding a briefcase.
108: A man is sitting on a couch with his wife and child.  He is holding a baby and a bottle of wine.
109: A man is sitting in a cave with a car. He is looking at a map.
110: A doctor is holding a syringe. He is holding it up to the patient's face.
111: Three men are riding horses. One man is on the back of the horse.
112: A man and woman are in a room. The man is holding a gun. The woman is crying.
113: Two pigs are in a box. One of the pigs is digging a hole in the box.
114: A man is kneeling down in the desert. He is holding a briefcase.
115: Two men are standing in a box. One man is wearing a pair of black socks and the other man is wearing a pair of black socks. The box is on a table.
116: A man is sitting at a desk with a sword. He is holding it in his hand.
117: Two men are sitting on a couch. One of them is looking at a giraffe.
118: A man is sitting in a chair in a room. He is looking at a large wheel.
119: Three men are floating in a raft. One man is wearing a suit and holding a bottle of wine. The other two men are wearing suits and holding a bottle of wine.
120: A doctor is examining a patient in a hospital bed. The doctor is wearing a lab coat and a stethoscope.
121: A nurse is serving a man a cup of coffee.  The man is sitting at a table with a woman.  The nurse is serving the coffee to the woman.
122: A mouse is in a laboratory. He is talking to a woman.
123: A police officer is driving a car and a man is standing next to the car. The man is holding a sign that says "stop".
124: Two angels are sitting on a box.  They are surrounded by a cloud of angels.
125: There are a lot of boxes in the air.  A man is standing in front of the house.
126: A man is in bed and has a briefcase. He is talking to a man who is sitting on the bed.
127: A man is sitting in a hammock.  He is wearing a suit and tie.  He is holding a briefcase.  A man is standing next to the hammock.  He is wearing a
128: A man is sitting on a bed with a woman. She is holding a flag.
129: A man and a woman are talking to each other.  The man is wearing a suit and tie.  The woman is wearing a dress.  The man is holding a drink.  The woman is holding
