0: Two people are hiking up a mountain. A bigfoot is standing on the side of the mountain.
1: A man is laying on a casket. He is surrounded by people.
2: A bird is sitting in a cage. There are two birds in the cage.
3: A man is looking at a box in a room. He is holding a small dog.
4: A man is in a wheelchair and is being helped by a nurse. The nurse is holding a stethoscope.
5: A man is looking at a box of cigars. He is holding a cigar in his mouth. Another man is looking at the box of cigars. A woman is looking at the box of cigars.
6: Two dogs are standing next to each other. The dogs are wearing a triangle on their heads.
7: A man is standing in the doorway of a subway car. He is holding a sign that says, "I'm here."
8: Two hikers are walking in the woods. They are near a train.
9: A man is sitting at a desk in a large office building. He is looking out the window at a cityscape.
10: A man and woman are standing in the rain. The man is holding an umbrella.
11: A man is in a hotel room. He is talking to a woman who is standing next to a suitcase.
12: A man is in a hospital bed. He is wearing a headset that is connected to a computer. The man is talking to a nurse.
13: A group of people are sitting around a table. One of the people is speaking to the group.
14: Two people are walking in front of a large sandwich. The sandwich is made of meat, cheese, and vegetables.
15: There are several birds flying in the sky. They are flying in a pattern.
16: A man is sitting at a table with a sign that says 'bonds'. He is talking to a man in a suit.
17: A man is sitting at a table with a woman and a man. The man is holding a trumpet.
18: A man is sitting at a bar and a train is coming towards him. The train is going to hit the bar.
19: A man is giving a toast and he is holding a piece of bread. The toast is toast.
20: A priest is in a hospital bed. He is laying on a bed with a man in a wheelchair. The man in the wheelchair is looking at the priest.
21: A woman is in an elevator with a bunch of people. She is looking at a sign that says, "Fire in the building."
22: A man is standing on a balcony with a bird. The man is eating a sandwich.
23: A man is sitting in a chair and reading a newspaper. He is talking to a woman who is sitting in a chair next to him.
24: A man and woman are sitting on the ground in a park. The man is holding a cigarette in his mouth. The woman is holding a glass of water. The man is talking to the woman.
25: A group of children are playing in the snow. A woman is standing in the middle of the group.
26: A man is in a courtroom. He is wearing a hoodie and glasses. The judge is talking to him.
27: A man is sitting on a cake.  He is trying to get the cake to fall off the table.
28: Two men are skiing down a mountain. One man is falling off the mountain. The other man is trying to help him.
29: Two bulls are standing in a field. One of the bulls is wearing a hat with a bunch of horns on it. The other bull is wearing a hat with a bunch of horns on it.
30: A dog is surrounded by sheep. The dog is looking at the sheep.
31: Two people are hanging from a rope. They are trying to get to the other person.
32: A man is parachuting out of a plane. He is holding a parachute.
33: Two men are digging in the dirt. One man is holding a bone.
34: A man is sitting at a desk with a bull in his lap. The bull is eating a piece of meat.
35: A man is running to the office with a surfboard. He is being chased by a woman.
36: A man and woman are sitting on a couch. The man is reading a book. The woman is sitting on the floor. The man is talking to the woman.
37: Two men are on a bike. One man is on a bike and the other man is on a bike. The man on the bike is talking to the man on the ground.
38: A man is walking down the street. He is holding a newspaper. Another man is walking down the street. He is holding a briefcase. A woman is walking down the street. She is holding a purse
39: Two chefs are standing in a tunnel. The chef on the left is holding a spatula. The chef on the right is holding a spatula.The
40: A man is in a hospital bed. He is being treated by a nurse. The nurse is talking to another nurse.
41: A man is in bed with his wife. He is reading a book. The wife is sitting on the bed.
42: A man is talking to a police officer. The officer is wearing a mask and holding a gun.
43: A man is looking at a turkey in a store. The turkey is huge.
44: A man is talking to another man in a suit. The man in the suit is shaking his head.
45: A boat is being pulled by a huge wave. There are people on the boat.
46: A man is talking to a woman on a motorcycle. The man is holding a tire.
47: A woman is sitting in a chair and a self-driving car is parked in front of her. The car is driving itself.
48: Two giant monsters are fighting over a city. The monsters are made of wood and metal.
49: A man is sitting on a couch and a dog is sitting on the floor. The man is looking out the window.
50: A man is playing a game of baseball with his dog. The dog is on a slide. The man is sitting on a bench.
51: A baby is in a crib. The baby is crying. The baby is holding a bottle.
52: A man is sitting in a chair and a woman is sitting on the ground. The man is looking at a wave that is coming towards him.
53: Two angels are sitting on a cloud. One angel is talking to the other angel.
54: The people in the office are holding papers. The people in the office are holding papers.
55: A man is sitting on a couch with a woman sitting next to him. The man is holding a bunch of grass in his hands.
56: A man is standing in front of a pharmacy. He is holding a horse's head.
57: There are a lot of people on a roof. They are all sitting on chairs. The people on the ground are all sitting on the chairs.
58: A man is sitting in a chair in a room. He is looking at a painting on the wall.
59: A man is sitting on the couch and watching TV. A cat is sitting on the couch and looking out the window.
60: Three cavemen are standing in front of a cave. One of them is holding a spear.
61: Three men are standing in front of a building. The man on the left has a gas mask on and is holding a gun. The man on the right has a gas mask on and is holding a gun.
62: A mouse is sitting at a table with a menu. The mouse is looking at the menu.
63: A man is walking down the street and a giant robot is flying above him.
64: There is a man standing on a tower. He is looking at the ocean. The tower is a drilling rig.
65: A man is standing in front of a city. He is wearing a green suit and holding a microphone.
66: A hippo is sitting on a couch with two people sitting on the other side of the couch. The hippo is talking to the people.
67: A man is standing in front of a coffin. He is looking at the coffin and saying, "I'm sorry."
68: A man is talking to another man about his dog. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
69: A group of people are sitting at a table. One person is speaking and the others are listening.
70: A group of people are sitting around a table. One of the people is speaking.
71: A man is trapped in a small hole. He is trying to escape.
72: A man is sitting in a chair in front of a judge. He is reading a book. The judge is sitting in a chair behind him. The man is reading a book. The judge is reading a book
73: A lobster is sitting at a desk and a man is talking to him. The lobster is wearing a suit and tie.
74: A man is sitting at a desk with a vulture on his shoulder. The vulture is saying, "I'm a bird lawyer."
75: A man is holding a remote control. He is standing next to a man who is holding a television.
76: A man is sitting at a desk with a computer. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a chair.
77: A man is talking to a woman in a restaurant. The man is wearing a chef's hat.
78: A man is standing on a ladder. He is holding a sign that says, "I'm a doctor."
79: A man is cooking a meal in the kitchen. He is talking to a woman who is standing next to the stove.
80: A man is sitting at a desk with a phone in his hand. He is talking on the phone.
81: Two firefighters are standing in front of a pole. The pole is leaning against a fire hydrant.
82: A man is sitting at a table with a woman. The man is holding a box. The woman is holding a glass of wine.
83: A man is in a courtroom. He is talking to a judge.
84: A lion is sitting on the ground and a man is sitting next to him. The man is holding a knife and a screwdriver.
85: A man is sitting at a desk in a room with a pile of papers and a computer. The man is looking at the papers and the computer.
86: A girl is climbing a rock wall. She is holding a rope and climbing up the wall.
87: A man is fishing in a lake. He is holding a rod and a reel. A man is sitting in a boat.
88: A man is looking at a bird on a tree. The man is holding a book.
89: A man is standing on a pile of rocks. He is looking at a woman who is standing on a pile of rocks.
90: Three men are sitting in a room. One man is sitting on a chair and has his legs tied together. The other two men are standing in the room.
91: Two men are playing chess on a horse. One man is wearing a cowboy hat and the other man is wearing a hat with a feather.
92: Two pige are perched on a ledge in a city. One of the pigeons is pecking at the other pigeon.
93: Two people are sitting on a couch in a nest. The couch is covered with a blanket.
94: A man is sitting on a wheel chair. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a rock.
95: A man is sitting in a chair with a rocket strapped to his back. He is talking to a man who is sitting on a couch.
96: Two men are in a museum. One man is holding a top hat and the other is holding a cane. The museum is filled with skeletons.
97: A man is sitting in a hammock in a room. He is holding a sword.
98: A man is sweeping the sidewalk. He is wearing a suit and tie.
99: There are people in a courtroom. The judge is speaking.
100: A man and woman are in the forest. The man is eating a piece of meat. The woman is holding a piece of meat.
101: Two fish are swimming in the ocean. There is a skeleton of a fish on the bottom of the ocean.
102: A man is fighting a dragon. The dragon is holding a sword.. is a warrior. is fighting a dragon. is a warrior. is fighting a dragon
103: A man is in a hospital bed. He is talking to a woman who is holding a vase.
104: A bear is trying to get a backpack from a couple of hikers. The bear is wearing a hat with a sign that says "I'm a bear."
105: Two men are playing a game of chess. One of the men is looking at a board with a picture of a cat on it. The other man is looking at a board with a picture of a dog on
106: A man and woman are walking down the street. The man has a lobster in his hand.
107: A man is being carried by a woman. The man is being carried by a man.
108: A man is sitting on a couch with his wife and child. The man is holding a baby and the baby is holding a toy.
109: A man is digging a hole in the ground. He is holding a shovel and a rock. A car is parked in the distance.
110: A doctor is holding a syringe. He is talking to a patient.
111: Three men are riding horses. One man is on the back of the horse. The other two men are riding on the horses.
112: A man is in a room with a broken window. He is talking to a woman who is in the room with him.
113: Two pigs are in a trough. One pig is digging a hole in the ground. The other pig is sitting on the ground.
114: A man is kneeling in the desert. He is holding a briefcase. Another man is standing in the desert.
115: Two men are standing in a box. One man is wearing socks and the other is wearing shoes. The box is on a table.
116: A man is sitting at a desk with a hammer in his hand. He is looking at a computer screen with a message that says, "You have been fired."
117: A man is sitting on a couch and a giraffe is sitting on the floor. The man is looking at the giraffe.
118: A man is sitting in a chair and a woman is sitting on the floor. The man is talking to the woman.
119: Three men are floating in a raft in the ocean. A skeleton is sitting on the raft.
120: A man is in a hospital bed. He is talking to a nurse.
121: A nurse is preparing a cup of coffee for a man. The man is sitting at a table with a cup of coffee in front of him.
122: A mouse is talking to a scientist. The mouse is wearing a lab coat and a lab hat.
123: A police officer is talking to a man in a car. The man is driving a car with a sign that says "No Parking."
124: Two angels are sitting on a box. A third angel is sitting on a cloud.
125: A man is in his car and there are boxes flying around the car. The man is worried about the boxes falling on him.
126: A man is in bed and he is talking to a woman. The man is holding a briefcase.The
127: A man is sitting in a hammock in a hotel room. He is wearing a suit and tie.
128: A man is sitting on a bed with a woman. The woman is holding a flag.
129: A man is talking to another man. The man is wearing a suit and tie.
